[TwigComponent] Add support for anonymous component name resolution in other bundle (#3295)
symfony/ux: src/TwigComponent/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.33

> -  Extended the support for using the directory name as a component name for anonymous components from other bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Extended support for the `index.html.twig` template fallback when resolving namespaced anonymous components.
```

I am not sure this adds _much_ precision, but it does better reflect the current implementation.

-> Call "Foo:Bar" and we will find the matching "Foo/Bar/index.html.twig" template
